Mockito support consecutive calls that is
we can stubout a chain of methods
that is if this void method is called more than one time
You can tell mockito what should be done for the first time
What should be done the second time and so on
that is where this do nothing method is very useful.
By default you need not stubout the void methods
for the non-exceptional scenarios using the donothing
but let me show you a scenario where this donothing is really useful
to do that copy this test here
paste it rename this test
methods name to
test consecutive calls
so we are going to call
this
uses void method multiple times
and see that we get different outputs each time
to do that we simply add a donothing
to the start of this dothrow
we are going to change stub methods here
so donothing .dothrow
this syntax simply tells mockito
that when the void method
on B is called the first time it should do nothing
and when it is called the second time it will throw an exception
thats how consecutive calls can be stubbedout
now to verify that lets call the A.users void method
and copy this verify line from our first test
paste it here that works...
lets call the usersviod method again copy that
paste it again
the second time when the A.usersvoid is called
we area saying that it should throw an exception
which inturn should throw a runtime exception
so we are all set to test it
right click on our test here and say run
and everything is green that is the
UT and one of the users of donothing method
we can stubout consecutive calls
now let me comment out the second call here
A.usersvoid method
and our test should fail because
now it throws an exception
it doesnt throw an exception becase we are calling
not calling it the second time
but we are expecting a runtime exception.
so lets see that right click
on just this method here right click
run
fails it says
exception java.LAN.runtime exception
is expected but it is not thrown
that is how do nothing method  can be used
to change consecutive calls along with do throw.
if I uncomment it out right click run
all the test will pass again